README.md, before:

The Tower is a 32x32 pixel dark fantasy mod for Minecraft I am producing.
Recipes and other documentation can be found here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SfmgJ9P-nhZDNGyzLKuFQ86XyhwXdvvtXj3D1SyzGGw/edit?usp=sharing

__________________________________________________________________________________
As this is the first time I am using Java, I am using an LLM to produce most of the code while learning from it.
I of course have a long way to go, but I hope to one day say that Minecraft taught me Java. 

So if you see anything stupid in my code, I hope you recognise it was due to my inexperience with the language and not my own stupidity. Although some people might argue that that is the same thing. 

All textures are made by me unless otherwise stated.

__________________________________________________________________________________
Credits:

yourlocalbreadman (instagram) - Block of Gluh texture (comission) and Gluh concept

zarakikenpachi (discord) - Various item icons (comission)

Valerie-Vivegnis (freesound.org) - Various scream sounds (License: Attribution 4.0)

JohnsonBrandEditing (freesound.org) - Various scream sounds (License: Creative Commons 0)

marc3122 (freesound.org) - Various scream sounds (License: Creative Commons 0)

Commit message:

Added 4 new blocks (petrified stone variants), and a new biome

README.md, after:

The Tower is a 32x32 pixel dark fantasy mod for Minecraft I am producing.
Recipes and other documentation can be found here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SfmgJ9P-nhZDNGyzLKuFQ86XyhwXdvvtXj3D1SyzGGw/edit?usp=sharing

This mod introduces a new dimension called the Frage. The Frage is a world set upon by 
judgement day. Its rivers run red with blood and all manner of beasts roam the lands. 

Within the Frage you can currently encounter a multitude of new blocks, plants, status effects, particles,
and food. In the future you will also be able to encounter new mobs (including bosses), crafting (distilling) system, weapons, 
armour, and an interesting lore. 
__________________________________________________________________________________
As this is the first time I am using Java, I am using an LLM to help me with most of the code while learning from it.
I of course have a long way to go, but I hope to one day say that Minecraft taught me Java. 

So if you see anything stupid in my code, I hope you recognise it was due to my inexperience with the language and not my own stupidity. Although some people might argue that that is the same thing. 

All textures are made by me unless otherwise stated.

__________________________________________________________________________________
Credits:

yourlocalbreadman (instagram) - Block of Gluh texture (comission) and Gluh concept

zarakikenpachi (discord) - Various item icons (comission)

Valerie-Vivegnis (freesound.org) - Various scream sounds (License: Attribution 4.0)

JohnsonBrandEditing (freesound.org) - Various scream sounds (License: Creative Commons 0)

marc3122 (freesound.org) - Various scream sounds (License: Creative Commons 0)
